That title may sound like a description of the work to which many office workers 
devote their entire careers. But in this case, I had a more limited set of tasks in mind.

I was using Windows 7 x64. I had recently encountered two reasons for creating junk files 
containing random data. One was to fill a drive’s free space as a drive wiping or erasure technique.
 (Two other posts provide more detail on wiping HDD or SSD drives; see also a later post.)
  The other was to put something into an otherwise empty folder, so that programs designed 
  to delete empty folders (e.g., Remove Empty Directories) would not try to delete a folder 
  containing one of my random junk files. For this latter purpose, I would want the files to 
  contain random data because this would make the files unique: a duplicate-detection program
   like DoubleKiller would not see that I had identical (junk) files in two different places and 
   try to delete one of them. (Renji suggested that junk files might also be useful to test drives
    and network speeds. Mynikko said fake files could be useful to make life more difficult for
     software pirates and investigators alike.)

A search suggested there were various ways to generate randomly named files and/or files 
containing junk data. If I needed just one junk file, Fake File Generator provided a free and
 easy way to create files of various types (e.g., JPG, DOC, MP3) of a specified size with a 
 specified name. File Destructor seemed to be a less flexible alternative. GenerateData.com
  would give me a file filled with intelligent junk. For instance, I used it to quickly create
   an Excel spreadsheet containing 100 records, each consisting of a fake name, email address, 
   zip code, and ten words of text.

Speaking of Excel, if I had wanted to control the contents of the junk files I was creating, 
and didn’t find that other tools provided enough opportunity for such control, I might have used 
this macro to export the contents of a spreadsheet to individual files, one per row, where column 
A in the spreadsheet would contain my desired filenames (e.g., JunkFile000001.txt) and column B would
 contain the desired (potentially unique) contents of those respective output files